# Various Half Done, Testing Purposes Only Scripts
A folder containing scripts that are half finished and not maintained. Most of these were created to try something and it either did not pan out or we moved in a different direction.  
WARNING: Not maintained and not commented, use as is   

### CompareImages.py  
Purpose: To take a subsection of the database generated by JsonMetaToDB and add Virus Total classification and packer information. Requires a Virus Total account.  

Usage: AppendVTDataToDB.py. Enter database password and Virus Total API key  

### ExtractImages.py            
Purpose: To compare two cluster lists, and find their intersections. Useful for determining how many of the same items clustered together from different clustering aspects.  

Usage: FindClusterIntersects.py -l list1.pkl list2.pkl  
  -> Lists the clusters that are the same between list1 and list2

### FileToRGBImage.py                   
Purpose: To search through a directory and find files that match an inputed file magic type.  

Usage: FindFilesByMagic.py -d ~/Executables -f PE DLL  
  -> Looks through directory Executables and prints file paths for any file whose type has either PE or DLL  

### FileToStrips.py        
Purpose: Search through directory to find similar images to the one specified. Uses the python pillow imagechops library to compare pixel by pixel to determine similarity. Has option to classify the image.  

Usage: FindSimilarImages.py -i img.png -d ~/Pictures  
  -> Will print file path to any image that matches against img.png in ~/Pictures

### fileTypeClassifier.py
Purpose: The table generated by JsonMetaToDB has some small errors, mainly duplicate values. This is used to remove any duplicates from the database.  

Usage: FixDBDuplicates.py. Enter database password  

### ImportsToImage.py
Purpose: Construct file paths based on the file structure of the malware box based on the hash.  

Usage: HashToMalwareFolder.py -l hasheslist.txt  
  -> Prints out the associated file location for each entry in hasheslist.txt

### OriginalFileToImage.py
Purpose: To copy created malware images or icons into a central folder.  

Usage: ImageCollector.py -d ~/MalwareImage -i  
  -> Saves all extracted icons into default folder  

## OfficeDocVBADecoder
Purpose: To take the metadata json object given to MSU and turn it into a database.  

## PEFileAggregate
Purpose: Given a SHA256 hash, return which clusters the hash appears in.  
